Create ui-c8y-1021-75-1-fix-csv-generation-for-device-registration-8845-graft-release-cd-9110.md (#3333)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-75-1-fix-csv-generation-for-device-registration-8845-graft-release-cd-9110.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fix CSV generation for device registration (#8845) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#9110)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed a special character issue during device registration via EST
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63252
version: 1021.75.1
---

> Fix CSV generation for device registration (#8845) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#9110)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with device registration via EST protocol (Enrollment over Secure Transport) in case OTP contained special characters like `;` or `"`, which were not correctly escaped when sent to server.
Now they are properly escaped and correct value is received by server and used further in the registration process.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed a special character issue during device registration via EST

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Special characters are now correctly escaped in the device registration process via EST
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63252
version: 1021.75.1
---

> Fixed an issue with device registration via EST protocol (Enrollment over Secure Transport) in case OTP contained special characters like `;` or `"`, which were not correctly escaped when sent to server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, during device registration via the EST (Enrollment over Secure Transport) protocol, special characters like `;` or `"` contained in the one-time password were not correctly escaped when sent to the server.
```

> Now they are properly escaped and correct value is received by server and used further in the registration process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue has been fixed. Now special characters are properly escaped and the correct value is received by the server and used in the further registration process.
```
